Let's take a brainstorm on what features we could build to enable instructors
to provide explicit feedback during and after course creation.
We can build a feature to send engagement notifications to instructors of two segments,
ones who've completed course development and ones who've churned.
Engagement notifications we send out to those that have completed
course development would be to
prompt or ask them if they would like to develop another course.
This would provide us a good signal to determine if although they finished their course,
did they enjoy it so much that they would want to create another one.
For the engagement notification for
those instructors that have churned out of course in development,
this would be a win back e-mail campaign to
determine if instructors just forgot about the completion of
their course or they really don't want
to continue on course development on this platform.
We can also have a questionnaire or survey for course creators,
again, for both segments.
One that have completed a course to determine what platform features they found
easy to use or difficult to
use and one for instructors that churned out of course development,
to figure out the reasons why course creation was not completed.
We could have an intercom or live chat support widget for course creators
as they work on the platform for them to provide feedback on the LMS,
in addition to receiving any tactical help they might need on an ad hoc basis.
In addition, we could have
a community forum where instructors could collaborate and chat with
other instructors and where instructors could
provide direct feedback to community moderators.